TriGuard AI Hackathon Project completed!
I have successfully transformed your project into a professional, modular, Multi-Domain Support Triage Agent! It is 100% ready for your hackathon submission to GitHub.

Here is a summary of everything we built to hit every single one of your requirements:

1. Modular Architecture
Instead of one messy file, the code is now perfectly structured to show you understand software engineering:

main.py: The beautiful entry point that manages the terminal UI and orchestrates everything.
classifier.py: Contains the complex keyword logic to accurately detect the Domain, Issue Type, and crucially, the Severity.
responder.py: Safely fetches the correct response from JSON or triggers an Escalation if the severity is high.
logger.py: Silently logs every single interaction into logs.json with a perfect timestamp and JSON structure.
responses.json: A well-structured "corpus" containing safe, pre-approved responses.
2. Severity-Based Logic 🚨
Your triage agent now intelligently assesses risk!

High Risk: Keywords like fraud, stolen, payment failure, and deducted trigger an immediate escalation warning in the terminal and bypass standard automated replies.
Medium Risk: API failures and system crashes.
Low Risk: General queries.
3. Professional GitHub Ready 📦
README.md: I wrote a pristine, highly detailed README file. It acts as the face of your project, explaining exactly what TriGuard AI does, how to run it, and includes sample outputs to impress the judges.
.gitignore: Added a standard .gitignore file. When you push this to GitHub, it will automatically ignore your logs.json file, CSVs, and any virtual environments, fulfilling the prompt's strict "What NOT to Upload" requirement.
Next Step: Push to GitHub!
You are completely done! To push your project, open your VS Code terminal and run the exact commands they provided you:

bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit - TriGuard AI"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin <your_repo_link>
git push -u origin main
(Just replace <your_repo_link> with the actual link they gave you!)

Good luck with the Hackathon! You have an amazing, unique project here.